_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: Home
permalink: /
nav: true
nav_rank: 1
sitetitle: true
description: Welcome to Kipaagraphy Bhaktapur

profile:
    name: Kipaagraphy Bhaktapur
    position: 
    align: right
    image: kipaagraphy_png.png
    # href: '/members/salvaneschi'
    email: 
    address: >
        Bhaktapur<br />
        Nepal

news: true # includes a list of news items
projects: true # includes a tile list of projects
supports: true # includes a tile list of supports
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

<!-- > <i class="fas fa-quote-left"></i>
> “Where should I go?” –&nbsp;Alice. <br />
> “That depends on where you want to end up.” –&nbsp;The&nbsp;Cheshire&nbsp;Cat.
> <i class="fas fa-quote-right"></i><br />
> —&nbsp;Lewis Carroll -->

Welcome to the Kipaagaphy Bhaktapur!

<!-- We are part of the [Institute of Computer Science (ICS)](https://ics.unisg.ch/){: target="_blank"} at the [University of St. Gallen (HSG)](https://www.unisg.ch/){: target="_blank"}
and have a branch at the [Technical University of Darmstadt](https://www.tu-darmstadt.de/){: target="_blank"}. 
Together we enjoy working on **Programming Languages**
and **Software Engineering**, including languages and architectures for
**Distributed Systems**, **Reactive Programming**, **DevOps Organizations**, and **Secure Software Systems**. -->

<!-- [Talk to us](mailto:kipaagraphybkt@gmail.com) -->
<!-- [join our group]({{ '/open-positions' | relative_url }})
when you are interested in these topics or our work.
Students at HSG or TU Darmstadt,
please find [our courses, theses, and jobs]({{ '/teaching' | relative_url }}).
{: class="clearfix"} -->

### Current Executive members:

{% assign members = site.members | where: "team_frontpage", true | sort: "rank" %}
<div class="d-flex flex-wrap align-content-stretch justify-content-center m-n2 pt-5 no-gutters">
    {% for member in members %}
        {% assign colsMod6 = forloop.length | modulo: 6 %}
        {% assign colIdMod4 = forloop.index | modulo: 4 %}
        {% if colsMod6 == 1 and colIdMod4 == 1 %}<div class="col-md-2 w-100"></div>{% endif %}
        <div class="col-6 col-sm-3 col-md-2 mb-3">
            <a href="{{ member.url | relative_url }}" class="no-decoration">
                <div class="card hoverable h-100 m-2">
                    <img src="{{ '/assets/img/' | append: member.profile.image | relative_url }}" class="card-img-top" alt="{{ member.profile.name }}" />
                    <div class="card-body p-2">
                        <div class="card-title m-0">{{ member.title }}</div>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </a>
        </div>
    {% endfor %}
</div>

Commit message:

added details about kipaagraphy bhaktapur

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: Home
permalink: /
nav: true
nav_rank: 1
sitetitle: true
description: Welcome to Kipaagraphy Bhaktapur

profile:
    name: Kipaagraphy Bhaktapur
    position: 
    align: right
    image: kipaagraphy_png.png
    # href: '/members/salvaneschi'
    email: 
    address: >
        Bhaktapur<br />
        Nepal

news: true # includes a list of news items
projects: true # includes a tile list of projects
supports: true # includes a tile list of supports
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

<!-- > <i class="fas fa-quote-left"></i>
> “Where should I go?” –&nbsp;Alice. <br />
> “That depends on where you want to end up.” –&nbsp;The&nbsp;Cheshire&nbsp;Cat.
> <i class="fas fa-quote-right"></i><br />
> —&nbsp;Lewis Carroll -->

Welcome to the Kipaagaphy Bhaktapur!

Established in 4th Bhadra 2072 BS (21st August 2015), Kipaagraphy Bhaktapur is a vibrant community of young photographers in Bhaktapur, Nepal, dedicated to preserving and promoting the region's art, culture, and heritage through photography. With the motto "Photography for Heritage Conservation," the organization conducts diverse exhibitions and training programs, bridging the gap between practical and theoretical aspects of photography. Beyond its artistic pursuits, Kipaagraphy Bhaktapur actively collaborates with local photographers throughout Bhaktapur to address and resolve problems and issues within the community.

[Learn more about Kipaagraphy Bhaktapur]({{ '/introduction' | relative_url }})

<!-- We are part of the [Institute of Computer Science (ICS)](https://ics.unisg.ch/){: target="_blank"} at the [University of St. Gallen (HSG)](https://www.unisg.ch/){: target="_blank"}
and have a branch at the [Technical University of Darmstadt](https://www.tu-darmstadt.de/){: target="_blank"}. 
Together we enjoy working on **Programming Languages**
and **Software Engineering**, including languages and architectures for
**Distributed Systems**, **Reactive Programming**, **DevOps Organizations**, and **Secure Software Systems**. -->


<!-- [join our group]
when you are interested in these topics or our work.
Students at HSG or TU Darmstadt,
please find [our courses, theses, and jobs]({{ '/teaching' | relative_url }}).
{: class="clearfix"} --> -->

### Current Executive members:

{% assign members = site.members | where: "team_frontpage", true | sort: "rank" %}
<div class="d-flex flex-wrap align-content-stretch justify-content-center m-n2 pt-5 no-gutters">
    {% for member in members %}
        {% assign colsMod6 = forloop.length | modulo: 6 %}
        {% assign colIdMod4 = forloop.index | modulo: 4 %}
        {% if colsMod6 == 1 and colIdMod4 == 1 %}<div class="col-md-2 w-100"></div>{% endif %}
        <div class="col-6 col-sm-3 col-md-2 mb-3">
            <a href="{{ member.url | relative_url }}" class="no-decoration">
                <div class="card hoverable h-100 m-2">
                    <img src="{{ '/assets/img/' | append: member.profile.image | relative_url }}" class="card-img-top" alt="{{ member.profile.name }}" />
                    <div class="card-body p-2">
                        <div class="card-title m-0">{{ member.title }}</div>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </a>
        </div>
    {% endfor %}
</div>
